Task 1: This task is about implementing the memcpy function which copies a specified number bytes from source memory area to destination memory area.
Task 2: The task is about implementing a function, _strchr, which locates a character in a string. It returns a pointer to the first occurrence of the character in the string, or NULL if the character is not found.
Task 3: This task involves implementing a function that gets the length of a prefix substring. The function _strspn takes an initial string and a substring, returning the number of bytes in the initial segment of the initial string which consist only of bytes from the substring. This is similar to the standard library function 'strspn'.
Task 4: This task involves implementing a function that searches a string for any of a set of bytes. The function _strpbrk takes two parameters: the first is a string to be searched and the second is a string containing the bytes to be matched. The function returns a pointer to the byte in the first string that matches one of the bytes in the second string, or NULL if no such byte is found. This is similar to the standard library function 'strpbrk'.
Task 5: This task is about implementing a function that locates a substring. The function _strstr finds the first occurrence of the substring 'needle' in the string 'haystack'. It returns a pointer to the beginning of the located substring, or NULL if the substring is not found. This function is similar to the standard library function 'strstr'.
Task 6: This task is about implementing a function that prints the chessboard. The function print_chessboard takes a 2D array representing the board as argument and prints it.
